good evening ladies and gentlemen
welcome to the 2017 international opera
award sponsored by Mazar well I think
it's wonderful that it's here at the
Coliseum and we all know each other so
it's lovely to be celebrating our peers
education connection I really do think
that it is growing and growing so they
are trusting you know the thing is is it
is a glorious way to spending how
terrific it is to be on this most
operatic and safe
it really is nothing like this where we
all get together all the people walk
together people to sing it the people
who produce my people resort to get
together like this when there's so much
incredible talent for an inspirational
talent at every level and deeply moved
in and honored to accept this award on
behalf of the Lyon upper house very very
important to support young artists not
only for them but also for us because we
need much more creativity innovation new
talent new ways to look at the world I
had to share this one with them well all
the people who work with me the
companies who supported me let that be
heard out there in the world Opera is
alive and I certainly believe that opera
is a way of talking and experiencing
about the basic emotions of life and I
have to pinch myself every day I think
hugely for their help in boosting young
people cream only pre-madonna that can
come late and I'm saying not for me I
think for them and to have a recognition
I think it's the most the most important
or in gotcha men so I say